---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kong-gateway_consumer_group_member Resource - terraform-provider-kong-gateway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ConsumerGroupMember Resource
---

# kong-gateway_consumer_group_member (Resource)

ConsumerGroupMember Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kong-gateway_consumer_group_member" "my_consumergroupmember" {
  consumer_group_id = "cf4c7e60-11db-49dd-b300-7c7e5f0f7e6b"
  consumer_id       = "cf4c7e60-11db-49dd-b300-7c7e5f0f7e6b"
  workspace         = "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `consumer_group_id` (String) The UUID or name of the consumer group. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `consumer_id` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
- `workspace` (String) The name or UUID of the workspace. Default: "default"; Requires replacement if changed.

### Read-Only

- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `consumers` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumers))

<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) The name of the consumer group.
- `tags` (List of String) A set of strings representing tags.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.


<a id="nestedatt--consumers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumers`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `custom_id` (String) Field for storing an existing unique ID for the Consumer - useful for mapping Kong with users in your existing database. You must send either this field or `username` with the request.
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Consumer for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.
- `username` (String) The unique username of the Consumer. You must send either this field or `custom_id` with the request.
