---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kong-gateway_plugin_request_termination Resource - terraform-provider-kong-gateway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PluginRequestTermination Resource
---

# kong-gateway_plugin_request_termination (Resource)

PluginRequestTermination Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kong-gateway_plugin_request_termination" "my_pluginrequesttermination" {
  config = {
    body         = "...my_body..."
    content_type = "...my_content_type..."
    echo         = false
    message      = "...my_message..."
    status_code  = 231
    trigger      = "...my_trigger..."
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  created_at    = 3
  enabled       = true
  id            = "...my_id..."
  instance_name = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "https"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (List of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `body` (String) The raw response body to send. This is mutually exclusive with the `config.message` field.
- `content_type` (String) Content type of the raw response configured with `config.body`.
- `echo` (Boolean) When set, the plugin will echo a copy of the request back to the client. The main usecase for this is debugging. It can be combined with `trigger` in order to debug requests on live systems without disturbing real traffic.
- `message` (String) The message to send, if using the default response generator.
- `status_code` (Number) The response code to send. Must be an integer between 100 and 599.
- `trigger` (String) A string representing an HTTP header name.


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import kong-gateway_plugin_request_termination.my_kong-gateway_plugin_request_termination ""
```
