---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kong-gateway_plugin_azure_functions Resource - terraform-provider-kong-gateway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PluginAzureFunctions Resource
---

# kong-gateway_plugin_azure_functions (Resource)

PluginAzureFunctions Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kong-gateway_plugin_azure_functions" "my_pluginazurefunctions" {
  config = {
    apikey       = "...my_apikey..."
    appname      = "...my_appname..."
    clientid     = "...my_clientid..."
    functionname = "...my_functionname..."
    hostdomain   = "...my_hostdomain..."
    https        = true
    https_verify = false
    keepalive    = 9.43
    routeprefix  = "...my_routeprefix..."
    timeout      = 4.56
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  enabled       = true
  instance_name = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering      = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  protocols = [
    "tls"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `apikey` (String) The apikey to access the Azure resources. If provided, it is injected as the `x-functions-key` header.
- `appname` (String) The Azure app name.
- `clientid` (String) The `clientid` to access the Azure resources. If provided, it is injected as the `x-functions-clientid` header.
- `functionname` (String) Name of the Azure function to invoke.
- `hostdomain` (String) The domain where the function resides.
- `https` (Boolean) Use of HTTPS to connect with the Azure Functions server.
- `https_verify` (Boolean) Set to `true` to authenticate the Azure Functions server.
- `keepalive` (Number) Time in milliseconds during which an idle connection to the Azure Functions server lives before being closed.
- `routeprefix` (String) Route prefix to use.
- `timeout` (Number) Timeout in milliseconds before closing a connection to the Azure Functions server.


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import kong-gateway_plugin_azure_functions.my_kong-gateway_plugin_azure_functions ""
```
