---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kong-gateway_plugin_grpc_web Resource - terraform-provider-kong-gateway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PluginGrpcWeb Resource
---

# kong-gateway_plugin_grpc_web (Resource)

PluginGrpcWeb Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kong-gateway_plugin_grpc_web" "my_plugingrpcweb" {
  config = {
    allow_origin_header = "...my_allow_origin_header..."
    pass_stripped_path  = false
    proto               = "...my_proto..."
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  created_at    = 7
  enabled       = true
  id            = "...my_id..."
  instance_name = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "grpcs"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 6
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (List of String) A set of strings representing protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `allow_origin_header` (String) The value of the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` header in the response to the gRPC-Web client.
- `pass_stripped_path` (Boolean) If set to `true` causes the plugin to pass the stripped request path to the upstream gRPC service.
- `proto` (String) If present, describes the gRPC types and methods. Required to support payload transcoding. When absent, the web client must use application/grpw-web+proto content.


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import kong-gateway_plugin_grpc_web.my_kong-gateway_plugin_grpc_web ""
```
