---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kong-gateway_plugin_cors Resource - terraform-provider-kong-gateway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PluginCors Resource
---

# kong-gateway_plugin_cors (Resource)

PluginCors Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kong-gateway_plugin_cors" "my_plugincors" {
  config = {
    credentials = true
    exposed_headers = [
      "..."
    ]
    headers = [
      "..."
    ]
    max_age = 8.09
    methods = [
      "HEAD"
    ]
    origins = [
      "..."
    ]
    preflight_continue = false
    private_network    = true
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  enabled       = true
  instance_name = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering      = "{ \"see\": \"documentation\" }"
  protocols = [
    "udp"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `instance_name` (String)
- `ordering` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `protocols` (List of String) A list of the request protocols that will trigger this plugin. The default value, as well as the possible values allowed on this field, may change depending on the plugin type. For example, plugins that only work in stream mode will only support `"tcp"` and `"tls"`.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `credentials` (Boolean) Flag to determine whether the `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` header should be sent with `true` as the value.
- `exposed_headers` (List of String) Value for the `Access-Control-Expose-Headers` header. If not specified, no custom headers are exposed.
- `headers` (List of String) Value for the `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` header.
- `max_age` (Number) Indicates how long the results of the preflight request can be cached, in `seconds`.
- `methods` (List of String) 'Value for the `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` header. Available options include `GET`, `HEAD`, `PUT`, `PATCH`, `POST`, `DELETE`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `CONNECT`. By default, all options are allowed.'
- `origins` (List of String) List of allowed domains for the `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` header. If you want to allow all origins, add `*` as a single value to this configuration field. The accepted values can either be flat strings or PCRE regexes.
- `preflight_continue` (Boolean) A boolean value that instructs the plugin to proxy the `OPTIONS` preflight request to the Upstream service.
- `private_network` (Boolean) Flag to determine whether the `Access-Control-Allow-Private-Network` header should be sent with `true` as the value.


<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import kong-gateway_plugin_cors.my_kong-gateway_plugin_cors ""
```
