---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kong-gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_template Resource - terraform-provider-kong-gateway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  PluginAiPromptTemplate Resource
---

# kong-gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_template (Resource)

PluginAiPromptTemplate Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kong-gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_template" "my_pluginaiprompttemplate" {
  config = {
    allow_untemplated_requests = false
    log_original_request       = false
    max_request_body_size      = 3
    templates = [
      {
        name     = "...my_name..."
        template = "...my_template..."
      }
    ]
  }
  consumer = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  consumer_group = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  created_at    = 4
  enabled       = true
  id            = "...my_id..."
  instance_name = "...my_instance_name..."
  ordering = {
    after = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
    before = {
      access = [
        "..."
      ]
    }
  }
  partials = [
    {
      id   = "...my_id..."
      name = "...my_name..."
      path = "...my_path..."
    }
  ]
  protocols = [
    "http"
  ]
  route = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 1
  workspace  = "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))

### Optional

- `consumer` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer))
- `consumer_group` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will activate only for requests where the specified consumer group has been authenticated. (Note that some plugins can not be restricted to consumers groups this way.). Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the authenticated Consumer Groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--consumer_group))
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the plugin is applied.
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `instance_name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `ordering` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering))
- `partials` (Attributes List) A list of partials to be used by the plugin. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partials))
- `protocols` (Set of String) A set of strings representing HTTP protocols.
- `route` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via the specified route. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the route being used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--route))
- `service` (Attributes) If set, the plugin will only activate when receiving requests via one of the routes belonging to the specified Service. Leave unset for the plugin to activate regardless of the Service being matched. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Plugin for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.
- `workspace` (String) The name or UUID of the workspace. Default: "default"

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `templates` (Attributes List) Array of templates available to the request context. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--templates))

Optional:

- `allow_untemplated_requests` (Boolean) Set true to allow requests that don't call or match any template.
- `log_original_request` (Boolean) Set true to add the original request to the Kong log plugin(s) output.
- `max_request_body_size` (Number) max allowed body size allowed to be introspected. 0 means unlimited, but the size of this body will still be limited by Nginx's client_max_body_size.

<a id="nestedatt--config--templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.templates`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Unique name for the template, can be called with `{template://NAME}`. Not Null
- `template` (String) Template string for this request, supports mustache-style `{{placeholders}}`. Not Null



<a id="nestedatt--consumer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--consumer_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `consumer_group`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering`

Optional:

- `after` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--after))
- `before` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ordering--before))

<a id="nestedatt--ordering--after"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.after`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--ordering--before"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ordering.before`

Optional:

- `access` (List of String)



<a id="nestedatt--partials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partials`

Optional:

- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) A unique string representing a UTF-8 encoded name.
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `route`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = kong-gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_template.my_kong-gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_template
  id = jsonencode({
    id = "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d"
    workspace = "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import kong-gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_template.my_kong-gateway_plugin_ai_prompt_template '{"id": "3473c251-5b6c-4f45-b1ff-7ede735a366d", "workspace": "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"}'
```
