---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kong-gateway_route_expression Resource - terraform-provider-kong-gateway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RouteExpression Resource
---

# kong-gateway_route_expression (Resource)

RouteExpression Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kong-gateway_route_expression" "my_routeexpression" {
  created_at                 = 8
  expression                 = "...my_expression..."
  https_redirect_status_code = 426
  id                         = "...my_id..."
  name                       = "...my_name..."
  path_handling              = "v1"
  preserve_host              = false
  priority                   = 51884809308246
  protocols = [
    "tls"
  ]
  request_buffering  = true
  response_buffering = true
  service = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  strip_path = false
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  updated_at = 7
  workspace  = "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `expression` (String) Use Router Expression to perform route match. This option is only available when `router_flavor` is set to `expressions`.
- `https_redirect_status_code` (Number) The status code Kong responds with when all properties of a Route match except the protocol i.e. if the protocol of the request is `HTTP` instead of `HTTPS`. `Location` header is injected by Kong if the field is set to 301, 302, 307 or 308. Note: This config applies only if the Route is configured to only accept the `https` protocol. must be one of ["301", "302", "307", "308", "426"]
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) The name of the Route. Route names must be unique, and they are case sensitive. For example, there can be two different Routes named "test" and "Test".
- `path_handling` (String) Controls how the Service path, Route path and requested path are combined when sending a request to the upstream. See above for a detailed description of each behavior. must be one of ["v0", "v1"]
- `preserve_host` (Boolean) When matching a Route via one of the `hosts` domain names, use the request `Host` header in the upstream request headers. If set to `false`, the upstream `Host` header will be that of the Service's `host`.
- `priority` (Number) A number used to specify the matching order for expression routes. The higher the `priority`, the sooner an route will be evaluated. This field is ignored unless `expression` field is set.
- `protocols` (List of String) An array of the protocols this Route should allow. See the [Route Object](#route-object) section for a list of accepted protocols. When set to only `"https"`, HTTP requests are answered with an upgrade error. When set to only `"http"`, HTTPS requests are answered with an error.
- `request_buffering` (Boolean) Whether to enable request body buffering or not. With HTTP 1.1, it may make sense to turn this off on services that receive data with chunked transfer encoding.
- `response_buffering` (Boolean) Whether to enable response body buffering or not. With HTTP 1.1, it may make sense to turn this off on services that send data with chunked transfer encoding.
- `service` (Attributes) The Service this Route is associated to. This is where the Route proxies traffic to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `strip_path` (Boolean) When matching a Route via one of the `paths`, strip the matching prefix from the upstream request URL.
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Route for grouping and filtering.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.
- `workspace` (String) The name or UUID of the workspace. Default: "default"

<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Optional:

- `id` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = kong-gateway_route_expression.my_kong-gateway_route_expression
  id = jsonencode({
    id = "a4326a41-aa12-44e3-93e4-6b6e58bfb9d7"
    workspace = "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import kong-gateway_route_expression.my_kong-gateway_route_expression '{"id": "a4326a41-aa12-44e3-93e4-6b6e58bfb9d7", "workspace": "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"}'
```
