---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kong-gateway_service Resource - terraform-provider-kong-gateway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Service Resource
---

# kong-gateway_service (Resource)

Service Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kong-gateway_service" "my_service" {
  ca_certificates = [
    "..."
  ]
  client_certificate = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  connect_timeout = 1619290746
  created_at      = 8
  enabled         = false
  host            = "...my_host..."
  id              = "...my_id..."
  name            = "...my_name..."
  path            = "...my_path..."
  port            = 9502
  protocol        = "grpcs"
  read_timeout    = 1518929605
  retries         = 17057
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  tls_sans = {
    dnsnames = [
      "..."
    ]
    uris = [
      "..."
    ]
  }
  tls_verify       = false
  tls_verify_depth = 4
  updated_at       = 10
  url              = "...my_url..."
  workspace        = "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"
  write_timeout    = 870025639
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The host of the upstream server. Note that the host value is case sensitive.

### Optional

- `ca_certificates` (List of String) Array of `CA Certificate` object UUIDs that are used to build the trust store while verifying upstream server's TLS certificate. If set to `null` when Nginx default is respected. If default CA list in Nginx are not specified and TLS verification is enabled, then handshake with upstream server will always fail (because no CA are trusted).
- `client_certificate` (Attributes) Certificate to be used as client certificate while TLS handshaking to the upstream server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_certificate))
- `connect_timeout` (Number) The timeout in milliseconds for establishing a connection to the upstream server.
- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Service is active. If set to `false`, the proxy behavior will be as if any routes attached to it do not exist (404). Default: `true`.
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier).
- `name` (String) The Service name.
- `path` (String) The path to be used in requests to the upstream server.
- `port` (Number) The upstream server port.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used to communicate with the upstream. must be one of ["grpc", "grpcs", "http", "https", "tcp", "tls", "tls_passthrough", "udp", "ws", "wss"]
- `read_timeout` (Number) The timeout in milliseconds between two successive read operations for transmitting a request to the upstream server.
- `retries` (Number) The number of retries to execute upon failure to proxy.
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Service for grouping and filtering.
- `tls_sans` (Attributes) Additional Subject Alternative Names that can be matched on Upstream server's TLS certificate (in addition to `host`). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tls_sans))
- `tls_verify` (Boolean) Whether to enable verification of upstream server TLS certificate. If set to `null`, then the Nginx default is respected.
- `tls_verify_depth` (Number) Maximum depth of chain while verifying Upstream server's TLS certificate. If set to `null`, then the Nginx default is respected.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated.
- `url` (String) Helper field to set `protocol`, `host`, `port` and `path` using a URL. This field is write-only and is not returned in responses.
- `workspace` (String) The name or UUID of the workspace. Default: "default"
- `write_timeout` (Number) The timeout in milliseconds between two successive write operations for transmitting a request to the upstream server.

<a id="nestedatt--client_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_certificate`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--tls_sans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tls_sans`

Optional:

- `dnsnames` (List of String) A dnsName for TLS verification.
- `uris` (List of String) An URI for TLS verification.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the `id` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = kong-gateway_service.my_kong-gateway_service
  id = jsonencode({
    id = "7fca84d6-7d37-4a74-a7b0-93e576089a41"
    workspace = "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"
  })
}
```

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import kong-gateway_service.my_kong-gateway_service '{"id": "7fca84d6-7d37-4a74-a7b0-93e576089a41", "workspace": "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"}'
```
