---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kong-gateway_target Resource - terraform-provider-kong-gateway"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Target Resource
---

# kong-gateway_target (Resource)

Target Resource

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "kong-gateway_target" "my_target" {
  created_at = 2.13
  failover   = true
  id         = "...my_id..."
  tags = [
    "..."
  ]
  target     = "...my_target..."
  updated_at = 9
  upstream = {
    id = "...my_id..."
  }
  upstream_id = "5a078780-5d4c-4aae-984a-bdc6f52113d8"
  weight      = 57664
  workspace   = "747d1e5-8246-4f65-a939-b392f1ee17f8"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `upstream_id` (String) ID or target of the Target to lookup. Requires replacement if changed.

### Optional

- `created_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was created. Requires replacement if changed.
- `failover` (Boolean) Whether to use this target only as backup or not. Requires replacement if changed.
- `id` (String) A string representing a UUID (universally unique identifier). Requires replacement if changed.
- `tags` (List of String) An optional set of strings associated with the Target for grouping and filtering. Requires replacement if changed.
- `target` (String) The target address (ip or hostname) and port. If the hostname resolves to an SRV record, the `port` value will be overridden by the value from the DNS record. Requires replacement if changed.
- `updated_at` (Number) Unix epoch when the resource was last updated. Requires replacement if changed.
- `upstream` (Attributes) The unique identifier or the name of the upstream for which to update the target. Requires replacement if changed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--upstream))
- `weight` (Number) The weight this target gets within the upstream loadbalancer (`0`-`65535`). If the hostname resolves to an SRV record, the `weight` value will be overridden by the value from the DNS record. Requires replacement if changed.
- `workspace` (String) The name or UUID of the workspace. Default: "default"; Requires replacement if changed.

<a id="nestedatt--upstream"></a>
### Nested Schema for `upstream`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Requires replacement if changed.
